[RHACS] Upgrade instructions for Scanner in RHACS 3.71 (#48179)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/upgrade-scanner-roxctl-371.adoc

----
* If you use Kubernetes, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kubectl -n stackrox patch deployment.apps/scanner-db --patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"initContainers":[{"name":"init-db","env":[{"name":"POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE","value":"/run/secrets/stackrox.io/secrets/password"}],"command":["/usr/local/bin/docker-entrypoint.sh","postgres","-c","config_file=/etc/postgresql.conf"],"volumeMounts":[{"name":"db-data","mountPath":"/var/lib/postgresql/data"},{"name":"scanner-db-tls-volume","mountPath":"/run/secrets/stackrox.io/certs","readOnly":true},{"name":"scanner-db-password","mountPath":"/run/secrets/stackrox.io/secrets","readOnly":true}],"securityContext":{"runAsGroup":70,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":70}}]}}}}'
----
. Remove the path:
* If you use {ocp}, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n stackrox patch deployment.apps/scanner-db --type json --patch \

Reviewer: @kcarmichael08 you have a few more instances of odd formatting in the terminal examples for this step. I suggest removing the `\`.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // upgrade-scanner.adoc

Reviewer: Is this the full path to the assembly?

Author: Oops, no - didn't realize I was supposed to include the full path

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="upgrade-scanner-roxctl-371_{context}"]
= Upgrading to RHACS version 3.71 

If you are upgrading to RHACS 3.71 using the `roxctl` CLI and YAML.yaml files, you need to perform some additional steps. The Scanner DB image no longer mounts the `scanner-db-password` Kubernetes Secret into the `db` Scanner DB container. Instead, `scanner-db-password` is only used in the `init-container` container, `init-db`. Therefore, you must add the `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE` environment variable to the `init-container` configuration. The `init-container` image must also mount the `scanner-db-tls-volume` and `scanner-db-password` volumes. The following section provides the upgrade steps for {product-title-short} if you are using {ocp} or Kubernetes.

.Prerequisites

> * This procedure assumes the `db` container in the Scanner DB configuration is at `index 0` (the first entry in the `containers` list) and the `scanner-db-password` volume mount is at `index 2` (the third entry). This scenario applies to most customers, but you should check the configuration for Scanner DB before entering these commands. If your values differ, you must adjust the `.../containers/x/volumeMounts/y` value in the following commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This procedure assumes the `db` container in the Scanner DB configuration is at `index 0`, which is the first entry in the `containers` list; and the `scanner-db-password` volume mount is at `index 2, which is the third entry. 
While this procedure applies to most deployments, check the configuration for Scanner DB before entering these commands. If your values differ, you must adjust the `.../containers/x/volumeMounts/y` value in the following commands. 
```
